docs: section explaining doc autobuild (#758)
ansys/pyansys-dev-guide: doc/source/how-to/documenting.rst

To view the HTML documentation in your browser, navigate to this directory
and double-click the ``index.html`` file.

Use sphinx-autobuild to see your changes live
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

> The extension https://github.com/sphinx-doc/sphinx-autobuild allows you to see your changes live in the browser while

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The extension `sphinx-autobuild <https://github.com/sphinx-doc/sphinx-autobuild>`_ allows you to see your changes live in the browser while
```

you are editing the documentation. To use it, you must install it first:

.. code-block:: bash

    pip install sphinx-autobuild

> Then, you can run the following command to start a local server that will automatically rebuild the documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, you can run the following command to start a local server that automatically rebuilds the documentation.
```
